 In the previous lesson, we built an agent that can reason over a single document and
 answer complex questions over it while maintaining memory.
 In this lesson, you will learn how to extend that agent to handle multiple documents in
 increasing degrees of complexity.
 Let's get coding.
 We'll start with a three-document use case, and then we'll expand to an 11-document use
 case.
 We'll set up our OpenAI key as well as import NASDAQ sync I/O.
 And then the first task is to set up our function calling agent over three papers.
 So we do this by combining the vector summary tools for each document into a list and passing
 it to the agent so that the agent actually has six tools in total.
 So we'll download three papers from ICLR 2024.
 This includes MetaGPT from last time, but this also includes LongLora, as well as SelfRag.
 Next, we'll convert each paper into a tool.
 So if you remember from lesson three, we have a helper function called getDocTools, which
 automatically builds both a vector index tool as well as summary index tool over a given
 paper.
 And so the vector tool performs vector search and the summary tool performs summarization
 over the entire document.
 So for each paper, we get back both the vector tool and summary tool, and we put it into
 this overall dictionary, mapping each paper name to the vector tool and summary tool.
 Next, we'll simply get these tools in a flat list.
 We'll define 3.5 turbo from OpenAI as our LLM of choice.
 If we quickly take a look at the number of tools that are going to be passed to the agent,
 we'll see that the number is six.
 That's because we have three papers and we have two tools for each paper, a vector and
 a summary tool.
 The next step is to construct our overall agent worker.
 And this agent worker includes the six tools as well as the LLM that we pass through.
 And now we're able to ask questions across these three documents or within a single document.
 For now, let's quickly ask a question about Long Laura.
 Tell me about the eval dataset used on Long Laura and then tell me about the eval results.
 We get back the answer that one of the eval datasets used is a Pg19 test split.
 And then we're able to look at the eval results for Long Laura models.
 The next question we can ask is give me a summary of both self-rag and Long Laura.
 So this will actually allow us to do summarization across two papers.
 So first, we call the summary tool for self-rag with the input of its name, and we're able
 to get back the output describing what the paper is about.
 We see that the agent then calls the Long Laura summary tool with the input Long Laura and
 then we get back an overall summary of Long Laura.
 The final response is that we're able to get back both a summary of self-rag as well as
 Long Laura.
 If you want to try out some queries on your own, you can try out any combination of these
 two papers or even three papers and ask for both summaries as well as specific information
 within the papers to see whether or not the agent is able to reason about the summary
 and vector tools for each document.
 Now let's expand into a more advanced use case.
 Here we'll actually have 11 iClear papers, and so we'll download 11 research papers
 from iClear 2024.
 This includes papers like MetaJPT, Long Laura, LoftQ, Sweetbench, Self-rag, as well as a
 few others.
 Similar to the previous section, we will now build a dictionary mapping each paper to its
 vector and summary tool.
 This section can also take a little bit of time since we need to process, index, and
 embed 11 documents.
 Now let's collapse these tools into a flat list.
 This is the point at which we need a slightly more advanced agent and tool architecture.
 The issue is that let's say we try to index all 11 papers, which now includes 20 tools,
 or let's say we try to index 100 papers or 1,000 papers or more.
 Even though LLM context windows are getting longer, stuffing too many tool selections into
 the LLM prompt leads to the following issues.
 One is the tools may not all fit in the prompt, especially if your number of documents are
 big and you're modeling each document as a separate tool or set of tools.
 Cost and latency will spike because you're increasing the number of tokens in your prompt,
 and also the LLM can actually get confused.
 The LLM may fail to pick the right tool when the number of choices is too large.
 A solution here is that when the user asks a query, we actually perform retrieval augmentation,
 but not on the level of text, but actually on the level of tools.
 We first retrieve a small set of relevant tools and then feed the relevant tools to
 the agent reasoning prompt instead of all the tools.
 This retrieval process is similar to the retrieval process used in RAG.
 Add its simplest, it can just be top-k vector search, but of course you can add all the
 advanced retrieval techniques you want to filter out the relevant set of results.
 Our agents let you plug in a tool retriever that allows you to accomplish exactly this.
 So let's show you how to actually get this done.
 First we'll want to index the tools.
 Llama Index already has extensive indexing capabilities over general text documents.
 But since these tools are actually Python objects, we need a way to convert and serialize
 these objects to a string representation in back.
 This is solved through the object index abstraction in Llama Index.
 So we'll define an object index and retriever over these tools.
 We see that we import a vector sort index, which is our standard interface for indexing
 text, but then we wrap this with the object index.
 And to construct an object index, we see we directly plug in these Python tools as input
 into the index.
 You can retrieve from an object index through an object retriever.
 This will call the underlying retriever from the index and return the output directly as
 index.
 In this case, it will be tools.
 Now that we've defined the object retriever, let's walk through a very simple example.
 Let's ask, tell me about the eval data set used in meta GPT and also sweet bench.
 Now let's take a look at the first tool in this list.
 We see that we actually directly retrieved a set of tools and that the first tool is
 the summary tool for meta GPT.
 If we take a look at the second tool, we see that this is a summary tool for an unrelated
 paper to meta GPT and sweet bench.
 So of course the quality of retrieval is still dependent on your embedding model.
 However, we see that the last tool that's retrieved is indeed the summary tool for a
 sweet bench.
 Now we are ready to set up our function calling agent.
 We note that the setup is pretty similar to the setup in the last lesson.
 However, just as an additional feature, we show that you can actually add a system prompt
 to the agent if you want.
 This is optional.
 You don't need to specify this, but you can if you want just additional guidance, if you
 want to prompt the agent to output things in a certain way, if you want it to take into
 account certain factors when it reasons over these tools.
 And so this is an example of that.
 Now let's try asking some comparison queries.
 We ask, tell me about the eval dataset using meta GPT and compare it against sweet bench.
 We see that it calls both the summary tool for meta GPT as well as the summary tool for
 sweet bench.
 It's able to get back results for both.
 And then it generates a final response here.
 Now as a final example, let's compare and contrast the two Laura papers, long Laura
 as well as loft Q and analyze the approach in each paper first.
 We see that the agent is executing this query and the first step it takes is it takes this
 input task and actually retrieves a set of input tools to help it fulfill this task.
 And so through the object retriever, the hope is that it actually retrieves long Laura and
 loft Q query tools in order to help it fulfill its response.
 So if we take a look at the intermediate outputs of the agent, we see that it is able to have
 access to relevant tools from long Laura and also loft Q.
 We see that first calls summary tool, long Laura with arguments approach and long Laura
 and you're able to get back a summary of the approach.
 Similarly, you're able to get back the approach and loft Q by calling summary tool loft Q.
 The final LLM response is able to compare these two approaches by comparing the responses
 from these two tools and combining it to synthesize an answer that satisfies the user query.
 So that concludes our lesson.
 So now you should be equipped with the right tools to build agents not only over a single
 document but also over multiple documents enabling you to build more general complex
 context augmented research assistance that can answer complex questions.
